okay so this is interesting
I have new tires still so I'm not going
to do anything too crazy
well okay feeling sick
oh wow
doing second gears a little smoother
okay I blood off the seat this time
well the wind grab my back tire I was
weird
tough tough
thank you for visiting your welcome
Randall Holmes Ryland Ryland Homes
staying at dyslexia I have people
walking with their kids look how windy
it is you see her hair it's like let me
show you how windy it is ready
suburban Midwest so I'm going to run out
a holy cow they had a fish mailbox
it was a mailbox shaped like a big fish
like you opened its mouth
wait a minute holy crap toast to go did
you see that I found toes to go straight
I found you can I found close to go
well I was going to turn right in front
of that guy but I don't think he liked
that
all right make sure hurry up my sir come
on
which side of the road was in on oh
that's it
here we go toastmaster toastmaster drive
oh my gosh there's so much win in this
vlog just turn around here
see that toastmaster drive is the son in
the way or can you read that I don't
know if the suns in the way I could go
see what's down toastmaster drive wait
till he goes back and I'm gonna have to
and after you go by okay so people who
live down here drive nice cars I think
your road is going to be nicer than
hughes road
this is toastmaster
well
I don't know it's kind of about as
exciting as hughes road
typically retention pond and townhomes
Wow maybe it goes up into here
oh no this is me getting court nope
well darn
mustang if I had a Mustang my license
will be Sally
I still haven't found a bill my road or
a suburban Ryder Road there's no Sven
road there's no slow faller road no
rebel yell road no connection road no
no iroquois road probably actually
actually down and we i know there's an
Iroquois and I will go there for you and
I will drive down here at coit road does
it the Iroquois where I think they were
in Illinois part of part of the tribe
wats anyway anyway there's a town called
earned not account a subdivision
called Arrowhead like my grandparents
used to live there before my grandfather
died my grandma moves but there's a
pretty sure
no sooner did I run on a better got like
three minutes of film then look what I
found not I mean right after I ran out
of battery um because it shuts down
there's like a minute left they r s all
this
you